If you've ever programmed in a traditional class-based programming language,
then you know that single inheritance means a child class
inherits all the data and methods from the parent class it's extending.
So, for traditional OOP programmers
JavaScripts prototypal linking is actually similar to single inheritance.
In other words, a JavaScript object can be prototyped linked to just one object.
Now, the question is,
can we inherit data and functionality from outside the prototype chain?
For example, what if I want the property name from
this developer object or what if I want
an object take on properties and methods from multiple different sources?
In JavaScript, we can actually use a mixin to accomplish this.
A mixin is a technique that takes on properties and methods
from one object and copys them over to another object.
Using a mixin, we can have an object gain
new functionality all without involving inheritance.